{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 Ahlquist, J. S., & Breunig, C. (2009). Country clustering in comparative political economy. In {\i{}MPIfG Discussion Paper} (No. 09/5; MPIfG Discussion Paper). Max Planck Institute for the Study of Societies. https://ideas.repec.org/p/zbw/mpifgd/095.html\
{\i{}Good Governments\uc0\u8212{}Vallandingham.me}. (n.d.). Retrieved November 9, 2020, from http://vallandingham.me/world_gov_challenge/\
Obinger, H., & Wagschal, U. (2001). Families of nations and public policy. {\i{}West European Politics}, {\i{}24}(1), 99\uc0\u8211{}114. https://doi.org/10.1080/01402380108425419\
{\i{}Pettersson, Therese & Magnus \uc0\u214{}berg (2020) Organized violence, 1989-2019. Journal of Peace Research 57(4).} (n.d.).\
Ping, B., Su, F., & Meng, Y. (2015). Reconstruction of Satellite-Derived Sea Surface Temperature Data Based on an Improved DINEOF Algorithm. {\i{}IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Applied Earth Observations and Remote Sensing}, {\i{}8}(8), 4181\uc0\u8211{}4188. https://doi.org/10.1109/JSTARS.2015.2457495\
{\i{}Refs.cgi.txt}. (n.d.).\
Saint-Arnaud, S., & Bernard, P. (2003). Convergence or Resilience? A Hierarchical Cluster Analysis of the Welfare Regimes in Advanced Countries. {\i{}Current Sociology}, {\i{}51}(5), 499\uc0\u8211{}527. https://doi.org/10.1177/00113921030515004\
Shaw, M. N. (2008). {\i{}International Law.} Cambridge University Press. http://public.ebookcentral.proquest.com/choice/publicfullrecord.aspx?p=377898\
{\i{}Sundberg, Ralph and Erik Melander (2013) Introducing the UCDP Georeferenced Event Dataset. Journal of Peace Research 50(}. (n.d.).\
Taylor, M. H., Losch, M., Wenzel, M., & Schr\uc0\u246{}ter, J. (2013). On the Sensitivity of Field Reconstruction and Prediction Using Empirical Orthogonal Functions Derived from Gappy Data. {\i{}Journal of Climate}, {\i{}26}(22), 9194\uc0\u8211{}9205. https://doi.org/10.1175/JCLI-D-13-00089.1\
Teorell, J., Dahlberg, S., Holmberg, S., Rothstein, B., Alvarado Pachon, N., & Axelsson, S. (2020). {\i{}QoG Standard Dataset 2020} [Data set]. University of Gothenburg: The Quality of Government Institute. https://doi.org/10.18157/QOGSTDJAN20\
Venables, W. N., & Ripley, B. D. (2010). {\i{}Modern Applied Statistics with S} (4. ed., [Nachdr.]). Springer.\
}